# syMboliC Hammer (MC-Hammer)
This artifact is a collection of
- ***SMT***: the SMT-LIB 3 theory of floating-point arithmetic.
- ***IEEE_Floating_Point***: the Flatbelle implementation as well as an interpretation of the floating-point theory in ***SMT***. Every file that begins with `flatbelle_` is the work presented in the paper. All other files are previous work not part of the paper.
- ***IEEE_Floating_Point_Evaluation***: the benchmarks generated by Flatbelle of different floating-point formats.

> **_NOTE_**: The extension of Sledgehammer, named *SyMboliC Hammer* (MC-Hammer) in the paper, was originally called *Flatbelle*. Although the name change should be reflected in the code, some functions or variables might still contain `flatbelle`.

## Generating Benchmarks
The script for generating the benchmarks has only been tested on Linux, the instructions should apply for macOS as well.
1. Add the Isabelle bin directory to your PATH, e.g.:
    ```
    export PATH=/path/to/Isabelle/bin:$PATH
    ```
2. Add ***IEEE_Floating_Point*** to your Isabelle, e.g.:
   ```
   isabelle components -u /path/to/IEEE_Floating_Point
   ```
   If you already have the **IEEE_Floating_Point** library from Archive of Formal Proofs added to your isabelle, then you can also choose to just add the flatbelle files to the library.
   
3. Go to ***IEEE_Floating_Point_Evaluation*** and write `make clean`, which deletes the pre-generated benchmarks so save those beforehand if you want to keep them. 

4. Run by entering `./evaluation.sh` in your command line. You might need to make `evaluation.sh` an executable before you run the script.
